[18.0][MIG] account_invoice_pricelist_sale: Migration to 18.0 (#1959)
OCA/account-invoicing: account_invoice_pricelist_sale/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module extend the 'Account Invoice Pricelist' and 'Sale' modules
> and Copies pricelist from sales order to invoices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module extends the 'Account Invoice Pricelist' and 'Sale' modules
and copies pricelists from sales order to invoices
```
